Adds specs to Authentication Button and process (selection page) + images (#798)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/functionalities.rst

.. include:: ../common/common_definitions.rst

User Experience Design
======================

.. include:: design.rst 

> Functionalities overview

Author: ```suggestion
Functionalities Overview
```

Author: italian must be updated

The following sections focus on the usage and post-usage phases. They define the functional requirements supporting the User Experience for the activation, acquisition, presentation, management, and deactivation phases, along with interaction requirements related to error management, assistance requests, and feedback collection.

Additional documentation and resources are provided in the :ref:`official-resources:Official Resources` section.  

The Official Resources include recommendations on the required User-Wallet Instance interactions and design best practices that promote consistency across different Wallet Solutions in terms of how functionalities are accessed and used.

To ensure a correct and consistent implementation, Primary Actors: 

- MUST use Official Resources and MUST comply with all related usage specifications provided; 

> - MAY choose from the available configurations provided, but MUST ensure the correct use of atomic components, such as the Engagement Buttonss; 

Author: ```suggestion
- MAY choose from the available configurations provided. Primary Actors MUST ensure the correct use of atomic components, such as the Engagement Buttons; 
```

> - MAY choose from the available configurations provided. Primary Actors MUST ensure the correct use of atomic components, such as the Engagement Buttons; 

Author: as the Engagement Button ... for RP only. Isn't that true? The engagement button is supposed to be used by RP only and some credential issuers.

Depending on the User's specific needs, the type of Electronic Attestation of Attributes, and the offerings available from the Wallet Provider, the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider, and the Authentic Source, the request of Electronic Attestations of Attributes can occur in two ways:

> - **from the Wallet Instance Catalog**: the User explores the list of Electronic Attestations of Attributes provided by the Wallet Solution, selects the one of interest, and initiates the request process, concluding with the issuance of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes in the Wallet Instance;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **from the Wallet Instance Catalogue**: the User explores the list of Electronic Attestations of Attributes provided by the Wallet Solution, selects the one of interest, and initiates the request process, concluding with the issuance of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes in the Wallet Instance;
```

> - **from a Touchpoint of the Authentic Source** (or the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider if it coincides with the Authentic Source): the User interacts with the digital service of the Authentic Source, allowing them to get a specific Electronic Attestation of Attributes in their Wallet Instance via an Engagement Button.

Author: ```suggestion
- **from a Touchpoint of the Authentic Source** (or the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider if it coincides with the Authentic Source): Users interact with the digital service of the Authentic Source, allowing them to get a specific Electronic Attestation of Attributes in their Wallet Instance via an Engagement Button.
```

Although the methods for initiating the request are different, the issuance flows share a similar structure and process. 

> Issuance from the Wallet Instance Catalog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issuance from the Wallet Instance Catalogue
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Below are illustrated the User Experience requirements for the issuance of an Electronic Attribute Attestation from the Catalog that the Wallet Solution Provider MUST guarantee through their own Wallet Solution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are illustrated the User Experience requirements for the issuance of an Electronic Attribute Attestation from the Catalogue that the Wallet Solution Provider MUST guarantee through their own Wallet Solution:
```

- The User accesses their Wallet Instance using the unlock method previously set;

> - The User selects the Electronic Attestation of Attributes they wish to request from the available options in the Catalog;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The User selects the Electronic Attestation of Attributes they wish to request from the available options in the Catalogue;
```

- The User views the PID data, if required by the Authentic Source for the request of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes, the name of the related Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider, and any related information policy. The User gives their consent to proceed, presenting their PID data to the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider, or cancels the operation;
- The User views any additional information on requirements and/or limitations related to obtaining the Electronic Attestation of Attributes from the Authentic Source;
- The User views a preview of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes. The User confirms the data shown in the preview to proceed with the request or cancels the operation;
- The User authorizes the operation using the unlock method previously set;
- The User views the positive outcome of the request;
- The User views the details of the requested Electronic Attestation of Attributes, including: the data contained in it, the name of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider who issued the Attestation, and the name of the Authentic Source;
- The User has access to all issued Electronic Attestations by navigating the Wallet Instance.

> If the Authentic Source considers it useful, it MAY provide the User with additional information related to an Electronic Attestation of Attributes. This information MUST be displayed by the Wallet Provider to the User in the Wallet Instance, before initiating the process of issuing the Electronic Attestation of Attributes. In order to properly draft this informational content, the Authentic Source: 

Author: AS doesn't provide information directly to the user, this must be described in a way that it would not introduce any direct interaction between the AS and the User. At the same time it is the Wallet Instance doing the discovery, not the Wallet Provider.

This item must be clarified

Author: @andmoro please may we ask you to put an href to the section about the digital credential catalog where this functionalities is described for implementation purposes?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Authentic Source MAY provide additional information related to an Electronic Attestation of Attributes in the :ref:`registry-catalogue.rst:Digital Credentials Catalogue Structure`. This information MUST be displayed by the Wallet Instance to the User, before initiating the process of issuing the Electronic Attestation of Attributes. In order to properly draft this informational content, the Authentic Source: 
```

@steps88 I just have reduced the text by using only a direct normative language.

Reviewer 3: Reference to the registry catalogue will be already mentioned at the end of the section.

```suggestion
The Authentic Source MAY provide additional information related to an Electronic Attestation of Attributes. This information MUST be displayed by the Wallet Instance to the User, before initiating the process of issuing the Electronic Attestation of Attributes. In order to properly draft this informational content, the Authentic Source: 
```

- MUST use clear language (e.g. avoid technical or complex terms), be concise (e.g. avoid excessively long or elaborate texts) and inclusive (e.g. avoid ability-based verbs), following the best practices for writing, language and tone of voice described in [REF_ACCESSIBILITY] and, in the case of public entities, in [GL_DESIGN]; 

- MUST adhere to the specific purpose of the text, communicating useful information to the User before engaging in the issuance process (e.g. listing prerequisites or stating limitations that could affect the successful outcome of the procedure); 

- MUST ensure that the information is constantly updated; 

> - MUST include a title and text in which it MAY include references to external channels to direct users to a procedure, explore a specific topic and/or open support requests. 

Author: ```suggestion
- MUST include a title and text in which it MAY include references to external channels to direct Users to a procedure, explore a specific topic and/or open support requests. 
```

Following is an example of informative text: 

**Title:** Do you already have the physical document? 

> **Text:** To obtain the digital version of [Document name], you must already have obtained the corresponding physical document. For more details, [read more information] (URL). 

Author: `you must` must be replaced with a impersonal language 

we might evaluate other forms, like "please, do ..."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Text:** To obtain the digital version of [Document name], please make sure to already have obtained the corresponding physical document. For more details, [read more information] (URL). 
```

> For further information, please refer to the section :ref:`registry-catalogue:Digital Credentials Catalogue` (see claim “``user_information``”). 

Author: ```suggestion
For further information, please refer to the section :ref:`registry-catalogue:Digital Credentials Catalogue` (see claim ``user_information``). 
```

In case of errors using the Wallet Instance, the Wallet Provider MUST guarantee that the User receives consistent messages that inform them and guide them toward resolving the issue. For further details, please refer to the :ref:`functionalities:Error Management` section.

Issuance from a Touchpoint of the Authentic Source 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Below are illustrated the User Experience requirements for the issuance of an Electronic Attribute Attestation from the Catalog that the Wallet Solution Provider MUST guarantee through their own Wallet Solution: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are illustrated the User Experience requirements for the issuance of an Electronic Attribute Attestation from the Catalogue that the Wallet Solution Provider MUST guarantee through their own Wallet Solution: 
```

- The User interacts with the Engagement Button clearly displayed in the Touchpoint interface; 
- The User selects the Wallet Solution with which to proceed, through an interface that SHOULD follow the directions and functionalities described for the *Selection Page* in the :ref:`functionalities:Authentication section`; 

> - (*cross-device only*) the User scan a QR code that invokes the opening of their chosen Wallet Instance, through an interface that SHOULD follow the directions and functionalities described for the *QR code page* in the :ref:`functionalities:Authentication section`; 

Author: ```suggestion
- (*cross-device only*) the User scans the QR code that invokes the opening of their chosen Wallet Instance, through an interface that SHOULD follow the directions and functionalities described for the *QR code page* in the :ref:`functionalities:Authentication section`; 
```

> - (*cross-device only*) the User scans the QR code that invokes the opening of their chosen Wallet Instance, through an interface that SHOULD follow the directions and functionalities described for the *QR code page* in the :ref:`functionalities:Authentication section`; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (*cross-device only*) the User scans the QR code that invokes the opening of their chosen Wallet Instance, through an interface that SHOULD follow the directions and functionalities described for the *QR Code Page* in the :ref:`functionalities:Authentication section`; 
```

> - (*cross-device only*) the User displays a message inviting them to continue on their chosen Wallet Instance, through an interface that SHOULD follow the directions and functionalities described for the *waiting page* in the :ref:`functionalities:Authentication section`; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (*cross-device only*) the User displays a message inviting them to continue on their chosen Wallet Instance, through an interface that SHOULD follow the directions and functionalities described for the *Waiting Page* in the :ref:`functionalities:Authentication section`; 
```

- The User accesses their Wallet Instance using the unlock method previously set; 

> - The User views the PID data, if required by the Authentic Source for the request of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes, the name of the related Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider, and any related information policy. The User gives their consent to proceed, presenting their PID data to the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider, or cancels the operation; 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- The User views the PID data, if required for the request of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes, the name of the related Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider, and any related information policy. The User gives their consent to proceed, presenting their PID data to the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider, or cancels the operation; 
```

> - The User views any additional information on requirements and/or limitations related to obtaining the Electronic Attestation of Attributes from the Authentic Source; 

Author: the EAA is not issued by Authentic Sources, this item must clarify this and remove any kind of ambiguity

Author: @steps88 ^^

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The User views any additional information on requirements and/or limitations related to obtaining the Electronic Attestation of Attributes; 
```

Reviewer: We could also delete the term "Authentic Source" from the third bullet point

- The User views a preview of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes. The User confirms the data shown in the preview to proceed with the request or cancels the operation; 
- The User authorizes the operation using the unlock method previously set; 
- The User views the positive outcome of the request; 

> - The User views the details of the requested Electronic Attestation of Attributes, including: the data contained in it, the name of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider who issued the Attestation, and the name of the Authentic Source. 

Author: there may be cases where for the issuance of a single EAA more than a single AS are used, this time should not exlcude this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The User views the details of the requested Electronic Attestation of Attributes, including: the data contained in it, the name of the Electronic Attestation of Attributes Provider who issued the Attestation, and the names of the Authentic Sources. 
```

The Authentication process can be carried out using both the same-device and cross-device modes described above. For the User Experience functional requirements that MUST be addressed, please refer to the functional requirements for `remote presentation`_ in same-device and cross-device modes.

From a User Experience perspective, the Authentication process differs from the Presentation process only in how it is initiated, which is through a dedicated `Authentication Button`_.

To ensure a consistent and seamless Authentication process across all Relying Parties, each Relying Party MUST follow the visual and User Experience requirements outlined below, together with compliance with [REF_ACCESSIBILITY] and, in the case of public entities, with [GL_DESIGN]

> Relying Parties SHOULD use the :ref:`official-resources:Official Resources` for design and development. If a Relying Party does not intend to use such open source resources, MAY independently develop the Technical Solutions enabling the Authentication flow.

Author: ```suggestion
Relying Parties SHOULD use the :ref:`official-resources:Official Resources` for design and development. If a Relying Party does not intend to use such open source resources, it MAY independently develop the Technical Solutions enabling the Authentication flow.
```

here we should say that the development of the solution must be compliant with the spefification defines within this document ...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Relying Parties SHOULD use the :ref:`official-resources:Official Resources` for design and development. If a Relying Party does not intend to use such open source resources, it MAY independently develop the Technical Solutions enabling the Authentication flow, ensuring that it follows the specifications herein provided.
```

.. note::
  The images in this section are to be considered illustrative as they are the subject of interface (UI) evolutions, pending the definition of the branding of the IT-Wallet System. 

Relying Parties MUST implement and provide the following pages as part of the Authentication process:

- **Discovery Page**: lists all the available Authentication methods;
- **Selection Page**: shows the User all the Wallet Solutions available in the Register and let them choose which one to continue the Authentication process with; 

> - **QR Code page** (*cross-device only*): prompts the User to scan a QR code;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **QR Code Page** (*cross-device only*): prompts the User to scan a QR code;
```

> - **waiting page** (*cross-device only*): instructs the User to continue the Authentication process on their Wallet Instance;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Waiting Page** (*cross-device only*): instructs the User to continue the Authentication process on their Wallet Instance;
```

> - **thank you page**: confirms the successful Authentication;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Thank You Page**: confirms the successful Authentication;
```

> To enable authentication via the IT-Wallet System, the Relying Party MAY replace its existing Discovery Page with the version provided in the Official Resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Authentication via the IT-Wallet System, the Relying Party MAY replace its existing Discovery Page with the version provided in the Official Resources.
```

If the User accesses the Discovery Page from the same Touchpoint where the Wallet Instance is activated (same-device), the selection MUST trigger the opening of the User's Wallet Instance.

**Selection Page**

The Selection Page is the page on which the User lands after they have chosen to Authenticate via the IT-Wallet System, and is intended to present the User with the Wallet Solutions available to perform Authentication. 

> The Relying Party SHOULD implement the Selection Page made available in Official Resources. 

Author: SHOULD or MUST?

Author: @RosaliaGaleano ^

Reviewer: we agree, we are going to change the SHOULD in MUST

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Relying Party MUST implement the Selection Page made available in Official Resources. 
```

.. only:: format_html 

  .. figure:: ./images/svg/selection-page.svg
     :alt: Selection Page
     :width: 100%

     Selection Page 

.. only:: format_latex  

  .. figure:: ./images/pdf/selection-page.pdf
     :alt: Selection Page
     :width: 100%

     Selection Page 

> In any case, the Relying Party implementing the page: 

Author: ```suggestion
The Relying Party implementing the page: 
```

"in any case" makes the statement ambigous, we must say what the RP should or must or may do.

> - MUST include the elements proper to the Visual Identity of the IT-Wallet System, including the Logo by placing it alongside its own logo according to the guidance provided in the Visual Identity section 2.1.2; 

Author: ```suggestion
- MUST include the elements proper to the Visual Identity of the IT-Wallet System, including the Logo by placing it alongside its own logo according to the guidance provided in the Visual Identity section 2.1.2; 
```

section 2.1.2 must be replaced with an RST href

> - SHOULD ensure that the copy on the page mirrors that reported in Official Resources; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MUST ensure that the copy on the page mirrors that reported in Official Resources; 
```

> - SHOULD ensure that the copy on the page mirrors that reported in Official Resources; 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- MUST ensure that the copy on the page mirrors that reported in Official Resources; 
```

- MUST present each Wallet Solution in the IT-Wallet Register through a modular component that displays the logo and name in full; 

- MUST present the Wallet Solutions in a dynamic layout that adapts to the number of Wallet Solutions available: when less than 3 MUST distribute them in a 2-column grid, when less than 2 MUST use a center-column layout; in all cases random sorting MUST be guarantee; 

> - MAY include a text component to promote the Authentication mode via IT-Wallet, which links back to the System's official website, as represented in Official Resources; 

Reviewer: @steps88 I suggest to delete this bullet point and move it outside the list at the end of this section. So, the list will have just "MUST" without any "MAY" 
cc @ChiaLeon

Author: @RosaliaGaleano please proceed with the removal suggestion, I will accept it if @steps88 or @ChiaLeo don't have nothing against that

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

- MUST allow the User to search for a Wallet Solution through a filter feature by name, when more than 5 Wallet Solutions are present; 

- MUST allow the User to find out, when needed, which Wallet Solutions are available in the Register by preparing a cross-reference to the official site of the IT-Wallet System; 

> - MUST include a Call to Action that allows the User to abort the operation and return to the Discovery Page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MUST include a Call to Action that allows the User to abort the operation and return to the Discovery Page. 

The Relying Party MAY also include a text component on the Selection Page to promote the Authentication mode via IT-Wallet, which links back to the IT-Wallet System's official website, as represented in Official Resources. 
```

> **QR code page (cross-device only)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**QR Code Page (cross-device only)**
```

> The QR code page is presented to the User who selects IT-Wallet System Authentication within a cross-device process. Its purpose is to prompt the User to scan the generated QR code using their Wallet Instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The QR Code Page is presented to the User who selects IT-Wallet System Authentication within a cross-device process. Its purpose is to prompt the User to scan the generated QR code using their Wallet Instance.
```

> Relying Parties SHOULD implement the QR code page (cross-device) provided in the Official Resources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relying Parties MUST implement the QR code page (cross-device) provided in the Official Resources. 
```

> Relying Parties SHOULD implement the QR code page (cross-device) provided in the Official Resources. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Relying Parties MUST implement the QR code page (cross-device) provided in the Official Resources. 
```

.. only:: format_html 

  .. figure:: ./images/svg/QR-page.svg
     :alt: QR code page
     :width: 100%

>      QR code page 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     QR Code Page 
```

 
.. only:: format_latex  

  .. figure:: ./images/pdf/QR-page.pdf

>      :alt: QR code page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     :alt: QR Code Page
```

     :width: 100%

>      QR code page 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     QR Code Page 
```

The Relying Party implementing the page:

- MUST include the Visual Identity elements of the IT-Wallet System, including the logo;

> - SHOULD ensure that the copy on the page mirrors that reported in Official Resources; 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- MUST ensure that the copy on the page mirrors that reported in Official Resources; 
```

**Waiting page (cross-device only)**

The Waiting Page is shown after the QR code has been scanned and prompts the User to continue the Authentication process within their Wallet Instance.

Relying Parties MUST implement the Waiting Page (cross-device) provided in the Official Resources. 

.. only:: format_html 

  .. figure:: ./images/svg/waiting-page.svg
     :alt: Waiting Page
     :width: 100%

     Waiting Page 
 
.. only:: format_latex  

  .. figure:: ./images/pdf/waiting-page.pdf
     :alt: Waiting Page
     :width: 100%

     Waiting Page 

The Relying Party implementing the page:

- MUST include the Visual Identity elements of the IT-Wallet System, including the logo and an icon or graphical element consolidating the message;
- MUST ensure that the copy on the page mirrors that reported in Official Resources.

**Thank You Page**

The Thank You Page is displayed after the User completes the Authentication process via their Wallet Instance. Its purpose is to prompt the User to proceed to the authenticated area of the Relying Party's Touchpoint.

> Relying Parties SHOULD implement the thank you page provided in the Official Resources. 

Author: ```suggestion
Relying Parties SHOULD implement the Thank You Page provided in the Official Resources. 
```

The Authentication Button "Login with IT-Wallet" serves as an Engagement Button, providing Users with a standardized way to Authenticate themselves using their digital Wallet.

Relying Parties MUST make the Authentication Button available within the Discovery Page of their Technical Solutions to allow the User to get authenticated into their services using the Wallet Instance under their control.

The Authentication Button has the following requirements:

- The Authentication Button MUST be used exactly as outlined in the Official Resources and MUST NOT be redesigned ad hoc;

- The Authentication Button MUST be used only in the shapes, colors and proportions defined and MUST NOT be altered, distorted, or hidden;

- The Authentication Button MUST be responsive to all screen resolutions and MUST be integrated in the Discovery Page in order to meet minimum usability and accessibility requirements;

- Actors wishing to integrate the Authentication Button into their Technical Solution MUST ensure that it is translated into other languages, at least English; 

- The Authentication Button MUST maintain a minimum distance from other elements (``quiet zone``) of at least 24px; 

> - The Authentication Button MUST state “Login with IT-Wallet.”;

Author: ```suggestion
- The Authentication Button MUST state "Login with IT-Wallet";
```

> - The Authentication Button SHOULD always be accompanied by an external link (e.g., “Learn more”) that links to the official website of the IT-Wallet System ``www.wallet.gov.it``; 

Author: ```suggestion
- The Authentication Button SHOULD always be accompanied by an external link (e.g., "Learn more") that links to the official website of the IT-Wallet System ``www.wallet.gov.it``; 
```

> The waiting page is shown after the QR code has been scanned and prompts the User to continue the Authentication process within their Wallet Instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Waiting Page is shown after the QR code has been scanned and prompts the User to continue the Authentication process within their Wallet Instance.
```

> Relying Parties SHOULD implement the waiting page (cross-device) provided in the Official Resources. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Relying Parties MUST implement the waiting page (cross-device) provided in the Official Resources. 
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relying Parties MUST implement the Waiting Page (cross-device) provided in the Official Resources. 
```

.. only:: format_html 

  .. figure:: ./images/svg/waiting-page.svg

>      :alt: Waiting page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     :alt: Waiting Page
```

     :width: 100%

>      Waiting page 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Waiting Page 
```

 
.. only:: format_latex  

  .. figure:: ./images/pdf/waiting-page.pdf

>      :alt: Waiting page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     :alt: Waiting Page
```

     :width: 100%

>      Waiting page 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Waiting Page 
```

The Relying Party implementing the page:

> - MUST include the Visual Identity elements of the IT-Wallet System, including the logo and an icon or graphical element that reinforces the page message;

Author: ```suggestion
- MUST include the Visual Identity elements of the IT-Wallet System, including the logo and an icon or graphical element consolidating the message content;
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MUST include the Visual Identity elements of the IT-Wallet System, including the logo and an icon or graphical element consolidating the message;
```

> - SHOULD ensure that the copy on the page mirrors that reported in Official Resources.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- MUST ensure that the copy on the page mirrors that reported in Official Resources.
```

> **Thank you page**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Thank You Page**
```

> The thank you page is displayed after the User completes the Authentication process via their Wallet Instance. Its purpose is to prompt the User to proceed to the authenticated area of the Relying Party's Touchpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Thank You Page is displayed after the User completes the Authentication process via their Wallet Instance. Its purpose is to prompt the User to proceed to the authenticated area of the Relying Party's Touchpoint.
```

Relying Parties SHOULD implement the thank you page provided in the Official Resources. 

.. only:: format_html 

  .. figure:: ./images/svg/thank-you-page.svg

>      :alt: Thank you page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     :alt: Thank You Page
```

     :width: 100%

>      Thank you page 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Thank You Page 
```

 
.. only:: format_latex  

  .. figure:: ./images/pdf/thank-you-page.pdf

>      :alt: Thank you page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     :alt: Thank You Page
```

     :width: 100%

>      Thank you page 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Thank You Page 
```

The Relying Party implementing the page:

- MUST include the Visual Identity elements of the IT-Wallet System, including the logo and an icon or graphical element that reinforces the page message;

> - SHOULD ensure that the copy on the page mirrors that reported in Official Resources;

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- MUST ensure that the copy on the page mirrors that reported in Official Resources;
```

- MUST include a Call To Action prompting the User to proceed to the Touchpoint authenticated area.

> **Error page**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Error Page**
```

> The error page is displayed when an issue occurs during the Authentication process. Its purpose is to inform the User about the nature of the error (e.g., technical issue, network issues, Wallet Instance malfunction, denied data sharing, etc.) and to present the available next steps. For further details, refer to the :ref:`functionalities:Error Management` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Error Page is displayed when an issue occurs during the Authentication process. Its purpose is to inform the User about the nature of the error (e.g., technical issue, network issues, Wallet Instance malfunction, denied data sharing, etc.) and to present the available next steps. For further details, refer to the :ref:`functionalities:Error Management` section.
```

> Relying Parties SHOULD implement the error page provided in the Official Resources. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Relying Parties MUST implement the error page provided in the Official Resources. 
```

.. only:: format_html 

  .. figure:: ./images/svg/error-page.svg

>      :alt: Error page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     :alt: Error Page
```

     :width: 100%

>      Error page 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Error Page 
```

 
.. only:: format_latex  

  .. figure:: ./images/pdf/error-page.pdf

>      :alt: Error page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     :alt: Error Page
```

     :width: 100%

>      Error page 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Error Page 
```

The Relying Party implementing the page:

- MUST include the Visual Identity elements of the IT-Wallet System, including the logo and an icon or graphical element that conveys the type of error;

> - SHOULD ensure that the copy on the page mirrors that reported in Official Resources;

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- MUST ensure that the copy on the page mirrors that reported in Official Resources;
```

- MUST include one or more Call To Action guiding the User toward the appropriate next step (e.g., retry, contact support, etc.).

Authentication Button
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

> The Authentication Button "Login with IT-Wallet" serves as an Engagement Button, providing Users with a standardized way to Authenticate themselves using their digital wallet.

Author: ```suggestion
The Authentication Button "Login with IT-Wallet" serves as an Engagement Button, providing Users with a standardized way to Authenticate themselves using their digital Wallet.
```

> Relying Parties MUST make the Authentication Button available within the Discovery Page of their Technical Solutions to allow the User to get authenticated into their services through the Wallet Instance.

Author: ```suggestion
Relying Parties MUST make the Authentication Button available within the Discovery Page of their Technical Solutions to allow the User to get authenticated into their services using the Wallet Instance under their control.
```

The Authentication Button has the following requirements:

- The Authentication Button MUST be used exactly as outlined in the Official Resources and MUST NOT be redesigned ad hoc;

- The Authentication Button MUST be used only in the shapes, colors and proportions defined and MUST NOT be altered, distorted, or hidden;

> - The Authentication Button MUST be responsive to all screen resolutions and MUST be integrated in the Discovery Page in order to meet minimum usability and accessibility requirements.

Author: ```suggestion
- The Authentication Button MUST be responsive to all screen resolutions and MUST be integrated in the Discovery Page in order to meet minimum usability and accessibility requirements;
```

     :alt: Variants of Authentication Button 
     :width: 100% 

     Variants of Authentication Button 

.. only:: format_latex  

  .. figure:: ./images/pdf/authentication-button-layout.pdf 
     :alt: Variants of Authentication Button 
     :width: 100% 

     Variants of Authentication Button 

The integration of the Authentication Button within the Discovery Page may vary depending on the page layout. Below are illustrative, non-exhaustive examples of Discovery Pages using grid, tab, and list layouts, respectively.

.. only:: format_html

  .. figure:: ./images/svg/discovery-page-layouts.svg
     :alt: Examples of Discovery Page layouts: grid, tab, and list
     :width: 100%

     Examples of Discovery Page layouts: grid, tab, and list

.. only:: format_latex 

  .. figure:: ./images/pdf/discovery-page-layouts.pdf
     :alt: Examples of Discovery Page layouts: grid, tab, and list
     :width: 100%

     Examples of Discovery Page layouts: grid, tab, and list

For further details on the use of the Authentication Button, please refer to the :ref:`functionalities:Authentication` section.

**“Login with IT-Wallet” button - html code**  

> The button is available in 3 variants (default / M / L ) and in “get” (call to an external page) and “post” (form inside the button) formats. The system requires Jquery 1.8+. 

Author: We really cannot support nor mandate the use of jeury 1.8 since it presents several security issues. In addition to that, jquery sounds very deprecable to date, we really should not suggest its implementation.

Author: @RosaliaGaleano is there any update on that? We must remove any technical constraints like this one, within the brand identity section.

are those alingment with bootstrap italia team happend?

Reviewer: @peppelinux we are going to delete the reference to Jquery and the example since it was just a placeholder. Still, we need to understand how the describe the button in addition to .svg

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The button is available in 3 variants (default / M / L ) and in “get” (call to an external page) and “post” (form inside the button) formats. 
```

Effective communication in case of an error also provides benefits for the actors involved, as it contributes to the reduction of assistance requests and, thus, to the minimisation of the impact on support systems.

> It is crucial that each Primary Actor implements a proper error management, in compliance with current Technical Specification, in order to communicate them, directly or indirectly, to the User and through the IT-Wallet Instance. Errors can be categorized, based on their nature, as follows: 

Author: ```suggestion
Each Primary Actor MUST implement a proper error management, in compliance with current Technical Specification, in order to communicate errors and exceptions to the User and through the IT-Wallet Instance. Errors can be categorized, based on their nature, as follows: 
```

it is crucial is not properly normative.
Pronoums should be limited, we must use subjects and objects to clearly apply normative language.
directly and or indirectly sounds too much abstract.

Reviewer: Change also made in Italian version
